CHRISTINA
Contributions:
Ramped up very quick to play Vivaldi integration lead role.
Supported on execution activities for lab issues and rerun during peak times of program
Independently takes care of all Integration activity (Example: preparing test plan, preparing and sending regression reports to stakeholders)
Takes complete ownership of Jira closure, test deployment tracking and first/second FA closure.
Stretched herself and supported 2 programs integration activities in parallel on demand
Attends inbound meetings & tools meetings.
Created script for FVT package creation.
Improvement Areas:
Need to work on articulation skills as sometime this leads to conflicts with execution team. 

MS:
Have taken ownership on playing role of SOS for sometime for Atlas3 and also playing Maia2 base integration lead role.
She takes ownership, strong debug capabilities, accounability and have decision making capabilities to play the next role.
Trained many new joinees for execution and integration activity.
As an IC, she had taken care many test development activities from FPGA, FE and FTL modules from enterprise products.
Had worked on initiavite of Qvisor from FVT.

JOY:
Contributions:
Have played role of Single FVT POC in past for any T&I and automation initiatives.
Have worked with T&I and enabled HW issue reproduction automation initiatives in ESS programs.  Also worked on creating the workflow for dynamic pooling initiative.
Have contributed on recovery script in execution flow as part of both enterprise and client products.
Playing integration lead role for A3B6 base and shows accounability in Jira closure, execution completion & first/second FA completion.
Improvement Areas:
Apart from closing assigned activities, need to work on improvising tools, automation initiatives and deployments.

YAMINI:
Contributions:
Worked in PS modules to understand the features and bug fixing.
Started working as part of integration team from Mar 2024 and ramped up quite well to take care Maia2 Base/256GB NST.
Also taking care of 256GB qual run and ensuring all reruns for lab issues & test issues.
Improvement Areas:
Worked on FTL from June to Sep 2023 with less contribution
Worked on PS from Oct to Feb 2024 with less contribution

PRAKASH:
Contributions:
Have done good job in enabling one launch in A3B6 with one test plan.
Worked as execution member during resource crunch.
Have good understanding about setup related issues and guides the team when needed the most.
Worked on explorer issue and helped team to successfully trigger the run.
Improvement Areas:
Should start working on resolving setup issues and enabling automation features across programs.

Common points:
Backup resource when team is unavailable